People commented that I am a skinwalker, or I look like a skinwalker, or I'm definitely AI.
Listen, I'm not AI, ah, could AI do this? That's what I thought.
So, look, I'm a person, I'm a human being with real feelings.
I don't actually have real many feelings. Oh my God, I am AI.
Am I a real boy?
No, Pinocchio. To make Jupetto's wish come true will be entirely up to you.
Up to me? Prude yourself brave, truthful and unselfish, and someday you will be a real boy.
A real boy!
I've been in hell for the past like 48 hours.
Oh, really? I feel like you've been quieter than normal. What's been going on?
Yeah, so, you know this multiplexer thing that I showed you?
Yes.
And I was like, okay, it's basically done.
It was pretty hard to put together, like not doing a little bit of terminal stuff like that,
but thankfully I glued together a bunch of random code that I found on GitHub and I got something working.
And the last step was to support scrolling.
Oh, no.
And I was like, okay, I checked a while ago.
There was a scroll function in one of the libraries that I'm using.
So, let me just map it up.
So, I mapped it up and it turns out that it does not work.
Like, their understanding what scroll meant was totally different than what I needed, which is like keeping a scroll back buffer so you can scroll up and down your output.
So, I was like, okay, what does this mean?
And I started digging more into, okay, what do I need to do to support this?
And it like unraveled everything, like pretty much everything that I was relying on could not work.
I had to go like one level lower.
The past 48 hours, I've just been like figuring out what the hell to do.
And like, I'll solve one thing and there's like so many cascading issues.
And for the last, I would say like eight hours or so, I've been struggling with this one issue where.
So in my multiplex here, when I spawn processes, everything's working.
But when I spawn a fancy process, like one that like the terminal website or the terminal server, for example, or.
But the STF that does like more complex stuff inside terminal, it would like a lag for five seconds for it started. I was like, what the hell is this issue.
I've been trying to track it down the last eight hours and literally five minutes ago, I found it.
Nice.
There is a, but the answer.
So, I mean, I don't know what the fix is, but I know the problem is I traced it all the way down to where it's freezing.
And there is 10 lines commented out in this low level library that I'm using that says to do.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah.
So you've got it right.
Those two lines.
Yeah, I got to figure that out.
It's a, yeah, the stuff is interesting because, you know, like the stuff we're using for, for terminal bubble tea.
That gives us a high level abstraction over building UIs in the terminal.
And if you keep going lower and lower level, it gets like more and more crazy.
But if you go like low level enough, it gets simple again, because it's just like the most basic stuff.
I mean, it's the complexity comes from the fact that it can't do much on its own.
Like you have to implement all the functionality yourself, but the underlying system is very, very easy.
It's just like a grid and you can move the cursor and like paint on the grid.
And when you get down to that level, that that's all there is.
There's nothing else.
And you can paint text and you can change like the color of the text.
You can change it, whatever.
And if you want to like update it, you like repaint the screen.
It's like very, very straightforward.
But yeah, it's been quite a journey.
I am in love with terminal UIs.
I think it's so fun.
Me too.
It's like this whole world that, yeah, I mean, you've been engrossed in it.
So you've, you know, where I'm coming from, like building the terminal shop.
There's, there's just parts of it that tickle the brain in ways that hasn't been tickled in a while.
You know what I mean?
It's been a lot of building stuff in the browser.
And this has been so refreshing to build back to the basics.
What's cool about it is, I think there's this dream for the browser where there's like a
really rich set of components that every website uses and everything kind of same.
It's consistent, et cetera.
But obviously it will never happen on web and the web has different goals.
But you kind of have that in the terminal just because there's so many constraints.
Like you can't even have like one element that's one font size.
Another amount of different font size.
So that like standardizes all UIs.
And then people can theme their stuff locally so that all the apps look the same and match
each other.
So it's like a different take on like optimizing for different, different goals.
It's like optimizing more for standardization.
You lose out on some of the creativity, but you kind of get this like I get to build the
experience that I want.
And no matter what app I'm using, it's going to look the same as a user.
Yeah.
So a few thoughts in response to your specific situation.
First, I'm glad I didn't start using it.
I guess you said I could start using the you had a version of it.
Well, I was using it and I was like, wow, and I'll be able to scroll up the logs.
It's like really bad.
It's really not usable without that.
Yeah.
Well, I hadn't gotten to using it.
So you added it to terminal.
The second thought is, man, scroll, scroll sucks, scroll in the terminal.
Like the bubble tea solution to it, there's like a bubble, which is like a component for
scrolling.
Right.
And it's given us a lot of issues.
Like there's still all kinds of outstanding stuff in terminal that I want to fix.
Terminal to capital T. When you have a company named, what in the world, why did my music
just start?
Hang on.
Okay.
So title, title, do you use title or Spotify?
I used to back in the day, I'm back on Spotify now.
So I use Spotify in my headphones.
Oh, geez.
Where did you go?
I use Spotify in my headphones, but I've been playing title because I got these speakers.
I got speakers, physical speakers, again, like computer speakers.
It's been a long time.
They're not computer speakers.
They're like these kef.
I don't know.
Yeah.
They're awesome.
I got this quality.
So I got the title for that, but title will just randomly start playing.
I've noticed this.
I leave that all the time and it'll just start randomly playing for no reason.
I can stop it.
That's so funny.
I'm just.
They should fix that because that means they're paying more to the artist.
Oh, good point.
Yeah.
No, but like I've come to my computer like in the morning and it's been playing overnight
for sure.
So there's definitely a bug there they need to figure out.
This scrolling thing's funny because I think it.
So even though this was hell for the last 48 hours, I think there was something about
it that I felt like I'd been missing for a while.
So I think we've talked about how when I do normal development these days, like if I'm
making a web application or whatever, things have gotten so simple and abstracted and it
feels like I'm writing configuration more than I'm programming.
You haven't written any next year, slightly, have you?
Especially next year, it's like really like you're programming.
You feel like you're writing configuration.
The simple is not the word I was thinking of with my experiences lately.
I wouldn't say.
Okay.
So yeah, maybe simple isn't the right word.
It's that you're, you're operating in such like a high level that I feel like I've lost
the feel of programming, like it doesn't feel like I'm programming.
Yeah.
But with this type of works, again, if mine is scrolling, right, there's like very like
programming, programming stuff to it, right?
Yeah.
What is scrolling?
It's just calculating when the height of your buffers outside the height of the screen
and like putting it into a different matrix.
And then when someone hits scroll, like they want to scroll up one, you like render a part
of that matrix and then part of the active screen.
But then what if it's like more stuff is printing while they're scrolling?
Like how do you manage all that?
That to me really scratches what I think I've been missing for a while, which is like just
the very basic arithmetic to do that, the very basic logic to do that, that to me feels
like programming.
And I think a lot of that is basically gone from the day to day.
Okay.
I have a lot to say here.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I'm going to do that thing where I talked to much and you just got stopped me.
But this is tying together a lot of thoughts I've had, which is like, I've said it, I don't
have to sit on the podcast, but I've said it before that I just, I hate that newcomers
are being shoved into like react because it's just such a different thing than what I started
programming in, not that everybody has to start programming the way we started programming.
But exactly what you're saying, doing this like terminal UI and go has like brought back
that like, Oh yeah, this, like this is what programming computers used to feel like.
I'm not writing react hooks and stuff that just feels so like different from programming.
It takes me back to like early, when I was in college and I, or when I first started dating
Casey, my now wife, I made her like a little tile game, like a picture, scramble up the
picture.
And like you slide the tiles around and I made it like wind forms or something.
It was like super old school, but it ran on her laptop and the doing that kind of stuff,
like the math for like figuring out where the tiles can go and can't go and like moving
them around and how you would represent that, you know, in state, that kind of stuff.
Yeah.
It's connected from it, writing a modern web app, like in some ways, that's great.
All the abstractions we have are wonderful.
In other ways, it just feels less and less like this familiar thing.
I don't know.
Is that going away?
Is like our roots of programming?
Is that just going to be like a thing you do?
It's like a hobby, but it's not really part of day to day business operations.
Yeah.
I've been trying to figure out, I don't think it was until this week, I really understood
what like I felt like something was off and then after this week, I think I really understand
what was off.
But so I'm still trying to understand how I feel or think about it.
Yeah.
It's just like in certain scenarios, I have certain goals, right?
So when me and Liz are working on radiant, here's a perfect example of this.
We have like the ultimate boss of lists.
We have a list that needs to be keyboard navigatable, needs to be able to multi select
toggle it.
And all these little details that we need to get right.
And in that situation, it's a little frustrating to have to do the programming parts.
Because yeah, like I'm, I'm actually excited about something quite different with that
project.
Like I'm not trying to get into those details.
It's kind of like a like a burden.
It's funny because I did end up implementing it because I have this problem everywhere.
Like in the SEC console, like everywhere at this keyboard navigator list is the problem.
And I was talking in the solid discord about it and literally the next day, like one of
the best solid people like happened to just build a list thing for it right after I spent
like time, time doing it, which again, it was fun.
But like it wasn't, it's not a point of that of that project.
But like I can't letting that go to zero where I'm never doing that stuff feels hollow to
me.
It feels like I've like over optimized on something to a weird, weird place.
I don't know if it goes away in terms of like it's only like a fake thing you do for
fun.
Like if I look at my other work at SST, I'm there, there's unique work of there too,
but it's quite different.
So the work there is like designing very good abstractions, which is not like this, but
it's also very like stimulating and interesting.
Yeah.
But yeah, I think it just goes to show there's so many like sub categories of program, so
like zones, your brain is in, and it does feel off when you're not getting to do all
of them.
And I guess a lot of people might not even be aware that there are different zones.
That's the thing.
So many people just operate in the one zone probably for their day job and they don't
tickle all those zones.
I think like being a part of small companies, being a founder, we probably get more of that
on average than the average dev, I guess.
Like I think of the thing that makes me think of, I think I've said this before.
I don't know where I said it, or I may be tweeted it.
It reminds me of like, like you can just buy like a glass jar at the store and they're
made like by the thousands in some factory, we can also go to Silver Dollar City, which
is like this old timey amusement park here in Branson, Missouri.
You can go there and watch people blow glass and they do it through the tube and they like
they have the furnace and they heat up the stuff and whatever.
But it's like they're wearing these old timey clothes and they're like behind these glass
panels and you just watch them and people are lined up just watching them blow glass.
I feel like that's what some of the like roots of programming you're going to feel like.
It feels more and more like this novel thing, like remember when we used to do this stuff,
but it's like commercialized to the Instagram, we have always abstractions and now you'd
never need to do this stuff, but some people did do it for fun, like on stream or something.
I don't know.
When you do like weird versions of it, yeah, that might be a two thing.
So the first thing is, I'm sure you can relate to this because you spend time as a consultant.
I will never stop being like mind blown by how when I'm working on something that feels
very, very specific for one project, it like somehow shows up on the other project too.
And I can never tell whether I'm forcing it or if it's just actually happening, like what
are the chances that we do this like crazy terminal thing for our coffee thing and then
like the biggest problem we have at SST is that we need to build like a lower level terminal.
That's really odd.
Yeah.
And then if you look at what Prime did, Prime did the whole doom and ask you the thing.
The doom.
Yeah.
I think it was one of the best videos ever.
I think that was so good.
I feel like it's incredible to a whole new thing.
Yeah.
You're so entertaining and so interesting.
He's doing a bunch of like ASCII like like terminal character quotes over the exact same
thing I've been staring at the past week.
So it's like, how is this happening?
Is this just pure coincidence?
Are we like forced?
Is there like some correlation here where it's in our heads and we're actually making
it happen?
It's always mind blowing when, when that's the case.
Yeah.
I'd love it if we could somehow create an industry shift back to terminal UIs.
I know.
We'd some more coffee that way.
There's more tension on the terminal.
It is wild because someone picked up on this because we've had the experience where we
go in and like place an order and everything's already set up and like, this is the best
checkout experience that exists here.
It's so good.
Now.
And then I saw someone, someone did a reorder and they were like, what the hell, this is
so great.
They're like, everything was saved and it was so easy.
Yeah.
Once it's got your card and your address, yeah, it's you don't want to open a browser anymore.
It is wild when you step back and you forget everything that exists and you're like, the
goal is to build the best possible experience.
This actually is the best possible experience and it is, it is really crazy that how so much
gets in the way of that and we like convince ourselves of other stuff.
But yeah, I mean, obviously I don't think the world will shift to this, but there is
something to be learned, I think from it.
There will be more e-commerce experiences in the terminal.
I know that we've inspired enough people.
That's going to happen.
Right.
There's been too many people like very excited about this, even if it's not in the terminal,
I'm just like, there's nothing innate about the terminal that like that good experience
that we gave you in the terminal you could get in the browser too.
But for some reason, yeah, even Amazon is slower to just reorder something.
Yeah.
It is a little weird.
The second thing I was going to say was this thing you talked about the class was interesting.
The world tries to optimize in certain ways and we lose a lot of things by like kind of
blindly pursuing it.
So an example of this is obviously like as like a species we're trying to get our emissions
down and we're trying to get our cars to be electric and put in policies in place that
make it so that you know, more and more vehicles than we're electric.
There was this whole thing with Ferrari where they were like, oh, yeah, you guys can't do
this.
You guys can't make Ferraris anymore and like you need to make them electric and everyone
was like, yeah, like fuck rich people and like they think they can not be part of this.
And I get like that's like the immediate sentiment, but it's a little if you really think about
what it actually is like, I think they should get an exemption because what a Ferrari actually
is is this extremely tiny niche thing of people that still hand build cars in a very inefficient
way in a very artistic way in a very like craftsmanship way.
And the reality is is like the literal carbon impact of those vehicles is probably basically
zero.
Right.
I get that there's like this metaphorical thing where it feels like if you're rich, you get
it away with it, but do we really want to lose that in pursuit of this other thing?
And I feel like this check shows up in a bunch of the bunch of places in the world.
Yeah, I think it's my personality to is drawn towards like, I would love to do more work
that felt like that, like artisan, like artisanal, extremely like inefficient yet rare.
That's like, I would love to just throw time at things that shouldn't have a lot of time
spent on them.
Like, if I could somehow make a living doing that, I just love, I don't know, something
about, I mean, you just describing Ferrari, I drive electric, but now I want a Ferrari.
I mean, just the idea that's handmade and like something about that.
It just feels nice.
I don't know.
Yeah, it's I think the I had this rule that I figured out a while ago where when it comes
to luxury items, I am definitely willing to pay a crazy amount of money for a luxury.
But only when it's expensive because it hasn't scaled and if you look at the world, there's
a lot of things that are expensive and skilled, which means it's a kind of a scam.
And I think recently it's actually showed up in a very little way.
I don't know if you saw the there's a bunch of news about I think Dior, where it turns
out like their bags cost like $57 to make the ones they're selling for $1,000 like those
things are expensive for no reason, like it could be a lot cheaper.
It just there's like a scam going around it where people think it's rare, but it's not.
But there are other things in fashion where it's a small group that is doing something
that's not that there's not a lot of demand for, but like you might personally like it.
And then it's very expensive because, you know, that's what they need to keep it going.
I'm like super happy to pay for stuff like that.
And I don't think that's a scam.
I think that's like, yeah, I'm also very interested in things like that.
Those are things that should exist in the world.
Can we talk about turmoil?
Can we have like a strategy session here?
I know like we're two fifths of the team on the call right now, but I just feel like
I could use a little bit of like high level discussion, co-founder to co-founder on the
terminal coffee.
It kind of ties into this conversation because like, really, the question is, what is terminal?
What is it going to be?
What do you want it to be?
What's interesting to you?
Every time I think of like a million things I could do every day towards the terminal
effort, I just hear you in my head being like, well, that's not a business worth even making.
And I'm like, what is the business worth making backs?
What does DAX want to make?
Yeah.
I think the way I'm thinking about things is we, there's a lot of things we want, I talk
about things in these terms all the time.
There's a lot of things we want to do, but they actually fall in the category of things
we get to do after we hit a certain point.
We usually get to a place where we like, understand the numbers, we have a sale amount of money
coming in and then we can figure out how to reinvest all of the stuff that people bring
up.
I think they're like, interesting ideas that we should do.
It's just like, we don't get to do that yet because we got to figure out a way where we're
not doing these like single shot, like two weeks, we're doing a bunch of sales and it
goes to basically zero and then we're like saying, like, we got to have like something
steady.
Otherwise, it's, it's quite hard.
Yeah, I'm not thinking about the new ideas, even like there's been a lot of ideas thrown
out over the last three months in our Discord.
I'm saying just in terms of the business we have right now with coffee, selling coffee,
what are like the next moves and what in your mind is it just, we need to wait and learn
more about how much coffee we're selling over time.
Yeah.
I think so.
I think I'm going to be back from what I was saying, it's, I want to have predictable sales
every month.
Yeah.
And to do that, you need to sell something that is somewhat recurring, which is why the
only thing I really care about right now is, is getting that, uh, subscription, that monthly
thing, thing going.
And that also, it like serves two purposes.
Like it solves that problem, but it also is a channel for all our weird ideas because
every one month we can execute on one, on one weird idea, so it took a nice like stable
schedule for us to actually do something with the ideas that we have.
That's the only thing I care about.
But I also am like, I don't think we can do anything till we get all the layer, layer
of concept.
Oh, yeah, layer con.
Yep.
Done.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
So we get, yeah, it makes sense.
So we get layer con next month that behind us, which I was thinking about a, so we're doing
some set amount of bags for the conference, we're going to have to have those bags shipped
to Mahra.
He's going to fill them all and ship them to us in Dallas, right?
It's just got it really in the weeds.
Okay.
So sort of, but not really, uh, we are going to, so yes, the number one thing is we get
the bags I imprinted because that's actually the only thing that's like kind of sensitive
that can get screwed, uh, they can screw us, they need to ship to our roaster, but he doesn't
have to fill all the bags.
He's needs to fill 30 or 40 that he can ship to Texas because we're only going to sell
not that many in person, mostly, we're not going to sell very many in person.
Okay.
We'll sell some in person, but like people can just order.
Yeah.
Like, okay.
Ideas with the bags will be in the store.
I had a time before the conference and I can just fulfill those normally.
So, okay.
Cool.
Yeah.
His side of it is bracing by and he's going to ship a few larger bags, just actually serve
the coffee there for the people to end the conference.
So the only, only variable thing here is, uh, getting the bags printed.
Um, yeah.
Me and Liz made up a big list of a few other things, but yeah, it's operationally forward.
So Laracon, then we do the monthly subs thing, which is like going to be a different blend
every month, which is very exciting for the creativity.
Yeah.
If that works, like there's so many ways to make that work like we can eat.
We can say like the first hunter subscribers get the first month free, uh, the partnerships
with other companies that sponsor the boxes that there's not even a charge that month
for, yeah, people subscribe to like, there's so many things that I'm able.
So if that works, then yeah, then this thing can stick around for a long time.
Cool.
Okay.
And then we can, we get to do all the stuff we want to do.
Yeah.
We, we do want to do a lot of stuff.
I know.
Yeah.
There's also like people just rebying coffee.
How do you ever learn like whether people are buying coffee, uh, because they saw something
on Twitter versus, I feel like we need some intelligence around knowing why we sell coffee.
Like our people just rebying.
I guess we know that if there's a previous customer, well, I'm getting way too in the
weed too.
This, this just got way too specific for a podcast.
Probably.
Well, I mean, if you take a step back.
So I am curious of that, like what analytics you guys look.
So at SST, we're like really, we're pretty numbers driven.
I think that's a lot more relevant when you're earlier than when maybe where is that means
is that?
Yeah, everything we're doing, it's like very clear for the numbers, whether it's working
or what we should be doing.
There's like no mystery on.
Yeah.
About anything.
Uh, so I feel like it'll be the same way given that terminals early, but do you guys
still like obsess over the numbers the way like an earlier stage company would?
Yeah.
I mean, like we've grown over a hundred percent year over year the last three years in a row.
So like the, it's, we're obsessed in like the way that, uh, it's just exciting to look
at them every day.
Eventually when the numbers aren't so good every year, if it slows down, then we'll be
obsessed in the bad way where it's like, Oh, we got to get these numbers up right now.
It's just kind of like enjoying the ride and like, look at number go up.
Uh, the main, like our main metric is just page views, which is what we sell ads against.
So I mean, that's the main driver of revenue.
Uh, but like a large percentage of our page views just come from Google.
So we also stare at the Google search console a lot, just seeing the numbers day-to-day clicks
from Google and what pages are driving traffic.
Yeah, we, I'd say we're like, we're very aware of the numbers as a team over the last few
years, just since they got so big, uh, but I wouldn't say obsess because we all, we just
have so much to do.
Uh, we do kind of like take bets on like, we think this will drive up time on page, like
engagement numbers could be better here on this page.
So, uh, I'd say it like influences product decisions, but, uh, it's mostly a healthy relationship
because again, the numbers have been good.
Yeah.
So for us, we literally look at the same numbers every week and that kind of tells us whether
what we did the last week.
Yeah.
Worked or not.
Uh, so we're like still pretty in like in the micro of like, when we go to be good,
the next week will be bad.
So things change pretty frequently.
Yeah.
Like for stammies, it's so driven off the sports schedule.
Right.
Yeah.
It's super interesting.
Like you can see a down day and then you look at year over year and it's like, oh, this
week, every single year is a low week just because of the nature of the sports schedule.
The sports schedule is oddly consistent, but we have like added sports and that kind of
fills in some of the gaps and yeah, it's largely like day to day.
We can't get too worked up over numbers just because it just totally depends on what happens.
Somebody could break a record in a game and we can have our best day in the last six months
and it's just kind of random.
Mm.
I see.
That makes sense.
I look forward to having some basic numbers that we can look at week to week.
So I think next week will be the first week where we have like stable data.
The last two weeks have been like crazy spiky because of we just launched and then we'll
see from there like how many new people are we getting week to week, which is very hard
to change by the way, like the user sense of the flat for like just hard to move that
number.
Yeah.
And with how many reorders we get it, we see how much all that and think it'll be clear
what to do.
So you said something and discord about like ready for it to settle into like a normal
rent.
And I guess like for me, will there be a normal rate?
I feel like it's always going to be pretty spiky depending on like our activity on socials.
Like I don't know what other driver right now.
Well, the active if the activity on socials don't translate to increasing your baseline
of like this, we can always guarantee on this happening.
You're like not compounding anything.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Like that's what we are right now.
We're like, we can do a bunch of effort and we'll get a bunch of sales, but they don't
keep coming.
Yeah.
But they're slower things that'll take time, like word of mouth.
I feel like word of mouth is going to be really strong with this.
Like everybody who's in an office is going to tell their friends.
That's a developer.
Right.
I mean, it's just kind of like it's got that novelty.
That's kind of what I'm talking about.
Like if you have a healthy thing going, like, yeah, you'll see growth just from long term
things like that.
Okay.
Fresh is in the pan kind of like help seed more little champions of the company and the
brand.
Yeah.
Yeah, they should.
They should increase.
Just like an overtime.
It all just grows.
What?
Like our averages should go up over time, I guess.
Yeah.
Like week to week.
If they're flats, then you know, it's, it's still fun, but it's not like something that
is compounding.
Yeah, I gotcha.
So business is basically it's the number keeps going up.
Things are good.
Well, so it's really funny it's we were a second years ago, we were hanging out with
Liz's very successful uncle, and I mentioned before he's got like probably a second biggest
healthcare business in Miami billboards everywhere, like vehicles on the road.
You see it all the time, massive, massive company.
And what time we're hanging out with him?
Of course, this was at his, he's got a giant apartment on the beach and has a private beach
with like people that like serve you when you're there.
So you go and you just hang on the beach and people, like it's like you're at a resort,
but it's house.
So we're there.
Like obviously enjoying this like really like rich, successful situation.
And he was like describing to us is like a bunch of random things about his outlook on
life and business and all that.
And he was literally, he literally said what you said, he was like, I go to people every
week, the people that are managers and I look at their chart, if the numbers are going up,
that's good.
They're not going up, they're out and that was like, it was really that simple.
And I think a lot of stuff in business is that simple, like you can complicate it.
But yeah, and that was it.
And like it was so convincing because we were like around all of his success.
Yeah, he had this other funny point where he was like, oh yeah, like people should definitely
like go to a really good school and like go to Harvard and get a business degree so that
you can, so I can hire you, you can come work for me.
It was like this kind of condescending thing, but I was like, yeah, yeah, it was, yes,
number go up is good.
Number go up, we'll just keep making that number go up.
I got to say something here before we move on to something else before I forget.
We had a clip on TikTok and people commented that I am a skinwalker or I look like a skinwalker
or I'm definitely AI.
Listen, I'm not AI.
Ah, could they I do this, that's what I thought.
So look, I'm a person, I'm a human being with real feelings.
I don't actually have very many feelings.
Oh my God.
I am AI.
Oh, am I AI?
Oh no, I found that so funny, like that, okay, that you post a screenshot, like of like five
or six people agreeing that you only comment from the video, they're all like that guy's
definitely AI.
What does that mean?
Just my voice, the tone?
I found it so funny because to me it's so random, but to have such a consistent response.
It's such a consistent response, yeah, like what are people saying?
Is it?
What were you saying?
Was it the content that we were saying?
I mean, I watched the clip.
I was just kind of like, it was like five seconds of me just talking very monotone before
you then like elaborated on a bunch of stuff.
I was kind of asking you a question, but I did it very monotone.
I don't know.
I guess that was enough to make me look like AI.
A nice camera?
I don't know.
I look sick.
It was so funny and I think there's like, and I got me thinking about this, like there's
some kind of reverse Turing test now, if you're not, like people think you're AI when you're
actually a human.
It's like the opposite of what we were trying to do.
Yeah.
That's a great question.
What's like the most human thing you could do on a video that would be like, that's clearly
not AI.
Like how could I literally not be AI?
What would be a thing?
Like when you think of text, like that chat GPT spits out and like there's models that
can figure out that it was AI generated, what's the equivalent for like a talking head?
Like what would be proved easy answer?
Is it?
Yeah.
Pick my nose.
What?
No.
Just say the most offensive word you can think of.
Oh, because AI would do that.
That's funny.
I'm not going to do that.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Oh, man.
So if anything on this podcast episode ends up on TikTok, I'd appreciate if you kept in
mind that we're real human beings that we're here.
There's no AI on this podcast.
Hey, I wasn't accused of being AI.
It did make me think like it's so easy to create like an AI version of yourself now.
There's so many tools that like offer AI voices or like why not?
If people already think I'm AI, why shouldn't I just like clone me and then check out and
like never show up on the podcast I'm just talking to an AI version of you.
I won't even tell you actually.
You won't even be able to tell.
I'll just make sure it's super convincing and you'll just think you're talking to me.
You might be talking to AI right now.
Just saying.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I can't prove that I'm not.
What's going on?
I've been in a hole myself doing some programming.
What's the what's the latest?
What's what is going on?
Have you been like plugged into the tech scene?
I saw on Twitter people are talking about commit hooks or something.
I swear it really is just like a cycle.
It's just like we get bored of something and then we talk we bring up the same thing.
We brought up three months ago.
I had a bunch of fun with that yesterday.
I posted like I post like 50 tweets in 30 minutes.
I believe you're in favor of commit hooks.
I could tell you the list of people who are not it's just it's getting.
It's getting out of hand.
We got to come up with something in favor of commit hooks in general.
I have one hook that I set up a pre push hook to do a type check because I've observed
behavior in myself and my team where that's an easy thing.
We miss and then waiting for CI to fail is like way too slow with the.
Yeah.
I get that.
Just run it there.
It's definitely very teams.
The context specific right like within a given team what you do from code authoring like
your little fingers hit in the keyboard to it being deployed somewhere that's very team
specific right like there's no general like this is how you should do things for every
single team.
Well the thing I was having fun with was this is making fun of as usual making fun of everyone
else's process because they have process it's oh yeah.
So in my head I'm like when I make a code change and I push I want to be done like I'm
done when I get push on my code is done so I want to make sure that if it pushed successfully
like I can consider it done.
Yep.
But then I realized oh that's not how everyone else works they're like oh I'm actually pushing
to a feature branch so no matter what I have to go to GitHub like to wait for the PR checks
to finish and then squash merge so to them I guess it's fine.
I said squash merge other instincts probably not squash merge probably some other weird
thing.
So other weird thing that people do it's all because it wait.
I mean teams aren't just made up of taxes you know there's believe it or not there are
some programmers who aren't very good.
That's what I made fun of everyone for it's like you guys all suck so you need this stupid
ass linter running so I can tell you that please add an underscore to this variable that is
not used because if there wasn't an underscore there like the world would collapse like it
was just like they're just people just add so many tools and all this stuff so I get why
you don't want to run all that on every commit because that's just a lot of stuff but for
me I'm just like just don't use any of that just don't use it just be good at programming
and you don't need all that stuff and then of course responses like that works for you
because you're a small team but it doesn't work for us because we're a big team and we
have a big team and people don't know anything and we have to make them do the right thing
that's basically the gist of it right yeah like we hire a bunch of people who are still
learning lots of things and we're like we want our code to be perfect and just like this
and so we're going to force everyone into this through automated tooling and my response
to that is always oh like but if it was just you would you still need it or you do this
for everyone else because everyone else is stupid on your team and that's when they don't
have an answer for it it's like well I bet like everybody's side projects have all the
same it's also because you're stupid well I'm sure like most people's side projects have
all the same tooling they use at work because they're just in that habit and then like you're
a solo person working in repo with all this nonsense you helped me see the light of like
getting rid of ESLent and like why don't I do this for why do I have ESLent at all I was
so tired of configuring ESLent and all the other tools that everybody configures I just
just sheep you know I just follow along I just I see everybody else with all these things
in their repos and I'm like I guess I need all that stuff they'll talk to you yeah ESLent
is so important that we've now like rewritten it in Rust it just and wait okay here's another
thing that's funny if you asked people the question if all of your pre commit hooks could
run a hundred times faster would you still be against them and they probably would say
no they wouldn't be against them that was a question I had for you like I saw somebody
was it was it can't see dots that said he runs them no it was Matt Pokkok somebody runs
them like in a watcher they run TSC in a watcher and you said you don't like that I
think but my question to you was I mean that's that's fine but that doesn't guarantee that
I even noticed the watcher like I see I said I want to know when I push I'm good that's
my thought was also just like if you have a big complex code base TSC is not exactly
instant but if it could be instant what TSC watcher is gonna be faster than running it
full type check on oh it's just it does like a diff or something like it only well and
you can still do that with what I'm describing but okay I don't I don't know if there's
a speed difference between the two I just I just know that TSC watchers is gonna be like
I'm not gonna pay attention to it or it's easy to miss that makes sense I've officially
waited into waters I am not smart enough to understand we ended up just talking about
the thing we were being in front of actually don't care about any of that I don't even
run type checking I don't care I just put stuff and sometimes it we actually don't even have
it turned on and it's our code base sometimes things work when I push sometimes they don't
and we do we also haven't turned it on and the ion code base either but we need to but
yeah it's just like I posted a picture of the SR-71 blackbird being like people built
this was a fucking roller it's all that is that true like they actually had like hand
tool that they that's crazy yeah the hand can operate a calculator wait a minute we're
like modern commercial aircraft built that way no that was the last like big effort that
was ever built okay okay slide rule I think because I got a couple flights coming up
and I don't want to be thinking about that slide rule nonsense I mean it works I guess
yeah it's true sometimes I stare especially in New York sometimes I would like just stand
and stare at buildings being like how the hell is that door like in the exact center of the
building like how did they do that it's such a large building a large door on like on even
ground like every part of the building is like perfectly symmetrical it's impossible
yeah I mean the pyramids right yeah okay I just I just said that because I've heard like
the pyramids are amazing are they really that amazing they look kind of shitty to me if I'm
being honest like I mean they don't look like perfectly straight edges like what why do we
just like we praise the people who built the pyramids I think a skyscraper is a little
more impressive personally people are like I can't even imagine we could build the pyramids
now the picture with a long time ago yeah but like I'm just saying it's not okay they're
impressive because they're large and they were built a long time ago we are ancestors
were dumb dums they can't build big things only little things is that is out is out is
well hang on this is a complex topic because well Stonehenge is funny cuz it's just a that
is also just not impressive it's not very impressive don't we just yeah it's not impressive but
don't we like not know why it's like that like clearly somebody did it but we're like
who and why yeah there's theories yeah let's go back to the pyramids I want you to explain
to me why the pyramids are impressive well the pyramids is just it's a lot of these things
are funny cuz it's like how do they do that well you know through slavery how do they achieve
this crazy thing that by forcing lots of people to do it yeah and you know is ground people
but there's like there's like actually some impressive engineering stuff about the pyramids
I guess I'm sure there is like I mean people there's so many theories on how they think
they've lifted all the blocks up there's like some really wild theories involving like basically
like high hydraulics like when like water pushes things up like there's all those weird
theories but there's no like definitive answer I don't I don't think on this is the exact
process that was used and I think that's makes it interesting that does make it interesting
yeah it's interesting I should take back all the bad things I said about the pyramids
you're very impressive apologize to the ancient Egyptians right now I'm so sorry if you are
listening to this podcast I'm so sorry do you ever think about like when we're all dead
and gone and it's been how many years has been since previous were made like 3,000 years
2000 what was it I don't know it's some thousands in the thousands right do you ever think about
like when it's been thousands of years and like some remnants of these skyscrapers and
stuff are left and people are like look at what they built that's so impressive and like
that is on the head they made these nice little towers they're like floating up in space driving
their flying cars and all that and they're like look at those towers how soon more you
want to get morbid do you ever think about like how many millions of years before there's
no trace of us literally on earth it's not that long it's kind of wild I heard this in
a book actually or maybe a podcast it's like 10 million years or something it's not a lot
somebody looked at a fact check me but it's like there'll be literally no trace of humanity
in that wild way but like if we die out yeah assuming like well I think you make the number
big enough and you can just kind of like I guess unless we start traveling to the planets
or something maybe that's the whole you own Mustang I don't know but I it was this book
that talked about well we'll be transformed to pure energy oh okay well I'm just ball
be Adams across the universe okay I don't know what that means but I believe I'm sure there's
an optimistic that's probably optimistic case right the thing I heard was like if we wanted
to determine if another intelligent species lived on this planet a hundred million years
ago a billion years ago could we actually do it and the conclusion was no like you go
far enough back is in the millions of years and literally there's no trace like the way
the sediment layers work and isotope half lives and all that stuff it's like literally do we
would have no idea there could have been another intelligent civilization living on earth far
enough back in time that we just can't even detect it and then it's like well you do the
same thing forward if we die out there will be no trace of us isn't that wild that is true
it's nuts yeah I mean it's crazy how nothing is permanent like you but we build these things
and they slowly erode just entropy always I think it is all the time with my house because
it's so old and I'm like there's so many forces working against it there's like physical forces
of like just deteriorating the house and there's like yeah economic forces that like also want
to get rid of it spiritual forces like the voodoo dolls that I just poke around about
your house this isn't a hundred percent related but there's a short story that if you haven't
read you should you should read called the last question it's an isogasm of thing and it like plays
forward like trillions of years of a little imagines like all these all these other trillion years
there have been a trillion years that's a good question what is a year is a spin around the earth
I'm talking very badly today I might be a a year no that this proves you're not because a year is a
spin around the earth is that what you said I said it's been around the earth rotation of the earth
oh yeah that's it that's it okay a year when we say a year we mean one trip around the Sun for
the planet earth what is a year in the universe there is no such thing time isn't like that
no time is a thing you can measure it but it's really different ways right it's like saying Fahrenheit
and Celsius you know we got two different ways of measuring the same concept kind of the same
thing okay so but when we say like no I'm so curious about this one night when people are like the
universe is 13 billion years old they're basing that off 13 billion earth trips around the Sun yeah
but it's not like the earth had to exist for all those all that time right okay there could still be
years even if we weren't floating around the Sun that makes sense but there hasn't been a trillion
years yet right so when you say like trillions years in the future no there hasn't it's it's in
the billions so like what is this book how does it explore trillions of years like what do we know
about what would happen in a trillion years I mean it's actually not about that concept that's kind
of the fact that trillions are passing is kind of a side thing to the main story but wow what is the
main story because that's quite a side thing it's about a computer that is just ingesting data to
answer the last question and just ingesting data over time and it plays forward millions of your
trillions years and now I got it now I got to know what the last question is can you just tell me
no I'm gonna tell you yeah I have to like read the book or something okay or just listen to it
listen to it on like just search the last question on YouTube and someone will have narrated it
I don't know if you could audible it's a short story little little sketch ripping it off YouTube
huh it's a short story short story fine I'll look it up on YouTube what was last question I listen to
it I want to my drives to Miami yeah okay you need to listen to if I told you about Project
Hail Mary have I told the podcast about Project Hail Mary because yes we talked about it and I
need to wait like this is really pissing me that I haven't read it yeah you have to read it and listen
to it on audible don't read it she listened to it right yeah yeah okay yeah I feel like it has to
be better on audible than it would be reading it just like yeah I know yeah yeah okay so if you're
listening to this podcast right now please stop and download Project Hail Mary it's on audible because
it's an actual book you won't find it on YouTube if it's on YouTube it'll probably get taken down
because that's how books work you have to get like the author has to get money somehow so you don't
listen to books on YouTube commentary to to Dax's I'm really struggling with English today like
just like every word it feels so labored I've not been talking much I feel like I've been in a
hole in my office for a week and I haven't been practicing English or communicating I also really
have to pee are you just letting me squirm right now so I refresh my memory on this last question
short story exactly what it was so I can tell you what the question is that's not oh okay yes the
the premise of the short story is they build a computer and the purpose of the computers to
answer the question how do we stop and reverse entropy oh and they keep revisiting the computer
every million billion billion years and asking at the question how do we do it and at the end it
finally tells you basically oh I want to listen to it now how many hours we talking not that I mean
probably one or two oh really maybe less than you weren't kidding on the short story no it's only
28 minutes 28 minutes yeah wow do you listen to those like 36 hour books unaudible I've got a few
of those biographies is that a lot or a little I'd like no like 12 hours is normal I think right
I mean a lot of books are five to ten I mean not really and then if you listen at two times speed
it's half that everything's half that everything is half that yet like I'm struggling decks I feel
like did I have a stroke every like every yes everything every number divided by two is in fact
half of that number what is going on with me you discovered a new law of mathematics i don't know
what's going on uh it just feels like everything feels slow check your CO2 meter okay no kidding
1400 it's actually pretty high yeah that's actually big that's funny that's funny if you listen at
two x speed though that's that's not very big i don't know i'm talking about i'm not a two extreme
person you're not a two x speed what are you what what do you listen at i'm a one x i mean i don't
listen to much what i don't listen to much but when i do it's a one x thing wait a minute
you don't you don't listen like do you go for walks i guess you like have to walk places
for purposes and usually i'm walking with Liz so do you never okay you never just go on like an
arbitrary walk just to get steps i do sometimes when i'm walking zuko but i mean i walk in my backyard
like when i'm playing with him especially with the whole yeah bubble thing as you saw but i'm
usually not alone and walking huh so i go on like several little 15-minute walks every day just
because i literally just have to move because the human race has gotten so convenient that we
don't have to move so we have to do it for arbitrary reasons uh so i always listen to books or podcasts
when i walk but if i didn't have that i guess if i didn't walk i wouldn't listen anything either
so for a while when i was doing my mowingward team with zuko i had uh an audiobook playing
i did definitely maybe two months and i haven't for a month now yeah i don't know i just like just
have it never sticks for me i never like really listen to stuff maybe you need to you just need
to start listening to project hillmary you need something so riveting that you can't like i go for
more walks like that yeah when i get into a book like really into it i just go for more walks which
is good i need to move more anyway so i'm gonna listen to project hillmary at two time or you're
gonna listen to project hillmary and i'm gonna listen to have one x at one x and i'm gonna have fun with
that i'm gonna listen to your recommendation at point three x i don't know i gotta make it
last longer than 20 minutes yeah otherwise you might be left alone with your thoughts oh okay
actually it's funny you said that this morning i did my first not my first ever but like in a long
time uh meditation meditation practice yeah i'm trying casey's making me uh because there's some
alarming things about my brain well you've seen today on this podcast so uh she's making me just like
sit and the the instruction is i've set a five-minute timer i do this every morning now today was day
one uh i have to just sit and observe my thoughts like watch them go by like cars on the road it's
like the stereotypical meditation thing like for beginners and i'm a beginner it's very hard
and my brain does not want to sit still did yours i don't know if you know this but jay is like has
had a very consistent i thought of ancient practice and it's like hat made some pretty big
profound changes in his life i want that yeah could you just talk about some of the changes
mmm no okay that's fair we'll have you on the podcast and maybe he can he can tell you
oh yeah that's that's pretty personal yeah yeah but i i like i think i know what i i was asking not
because i want to know jay's whatever it asking because i want to know like what to expect what
can i expect to improve in my life with meditation could you tell me some generic things that generally
people improve it's it's really i think yeah i just can't articulate it because i haven't yeah it's
not a me thing but i will say that uh back when i used to do a lot more hallucinogens i also was
doing meditative stuff a lot where i would just let my mind just run on its own and honestly i found
this like infinitely entertaining and when i remember when i remember this every now and then
when i'm bored i'll do it again and i find it like really really fun like for me when i just like
release control like i started seeing all this like crazy interesting stuff and it's all wild to
me how like my brain just jumped from one thing to another so yeah it's weird because i don't find
meditating boring really i just find it i like i think it's like really fun i don't know how to
put it i yeah i didn't it's not like this morning in my experience of meditating of one day i thought
that i found it boring it's just really hard it's really hard to not run with every release control
yeah to like literally just do the thing you're supposed to do when you meditate it feels like my
brain it's it's a learned skill and it has not done it yeah for sure i gotta learn it and i want to i
think there are some things that i need to improve in my brain and my and there is a big that people
link meditation and husgens a lot together they like kind of can put you in the same mental state
right that's what i've heard that like uh like hallucinogens are the cheap
and easy way to get into states that through years and years of practice with meditation you can
eventually get to is that kind of what you've gathered yeah i've heard that too and i i can kind
of see the link uh because i definitely wasn't able to much more release in that way yeah when i was
when i was doing that stuff more um the visual i always got was it felt like i was in the ocean
that like the waves were just like all the bombing around that's deep ocean with the waves and that's
what it felt like my brain was doing for me this morning and my one experience it felt kind of like
being in the middle of stone hinge and wondering what the hell are lots of rocks doing in my head
i can't wait till i have really deep profound things to say after my years of meditation i'm
going to become dax basically i'm going to like get on twitter and like wow people with my wisdom
because i meditate that's the goal it's really the only goal you could do that now if you just
limit yourself to like five words and just randomly pick five words that kind of sound like it makes
sense together and post it and you'll probably get like 80 percent the way they're i'm gonna do
that actually right after we get off i'm gonna write i'm gonna do exactly five words i'm gonna
tweet something that's five words and they will be random words i don't know about random but they
won't make sense and we'll see what that we'll see what happens if you hear this find the tweet
like it boost it thank you it's funny we're talking about stone hinge so much and the stone hinge was
recently vandalized i saw that i did see that what are your feelings on that i really hate
stuff like this because that's exactly why i hate it it's like one of my core things that i just
that really bother me so again it's one of the situations where there are so-called climate
activists that do these crazy things uh to get attention for that or like it's like a way to like
you know in their view i think it's to like find places to strike that are painful uh yeah to you
know it's like trying to get leverage in that way yep what i hate about this kind of thing is
this type of thing tends to be done by people that have no personal risk of their cause not working
out and you can see it because they don't consider backlash at all if you were truly someone that
is like dedicated their life to solving your climate problems you don't want stuff like that
because you know it creates backlash and you know it creates it just makes it harder for you to do
your actual job of like convincing people to care about things in a genuine way and to you know do
whatever you need to do i think so much in life is like this there's just people that are unaffected
by the problems they're trying to solve and they do things that create backlash for the people
they're supposedly trying to help um but yeah i just i just hate all that yeah how how do they get
to that i mean i guess like how does one become insulated from the ramifications of just like
doing stupid stuff most people are rich for one like if you look at all if you look up all these
people they're just like children of wealthy people that have this so that's where they're not having
root guilt ramifications okay like if they if they weren't made of money then they'd be worried about
losing a job or they'd be worried about yeah other just normal pressures interesting the
the climate one's interesting because it's obviously so big that it's hard to imagine like an individual
that's more affected by it so i kind of categorize it more as people that are like trying to do actual
work to improve the stuff versus people that are just like role-playing and this weird thing that
they're trying to do yeah i gotcha yeah if you're someone that like is trying to get a certain
policy passed and then these climate activists are pissing off millions of people that does not
help you no right you're upset yeah yeah but yeah i mean it's become a trend like there's
though shit on the on paintings and stuff yes i saw the painting i saw the painting the uh stone
hinge things it made me sad a little bit like i didn't i didn't actually see in the initial
articles like does it come off can they get that off i don't know no i i think pretty much every
situation they've been able to undo the damage as far as to undo okay i see but because that's
artisanal handmade stone yeah it's gonna be nice back to our original thing like it yeah it's rare
what's the purpose of our species continuing to exist if like we're gonna destroy right these
things yeah seems bad don't be like that if you're a listener of the podcast and you're considering
vandalizing precious humanity no maybe just don't i doubt any of our listeners would do that we got
really good listeners i hear they're really nice i like them i don't know what am i talking about
we should get off here i my brain i should not be talking right now i don't know what's going on
you should go get some oxygen i think yeah i'm gonna open the window it's at me what it seems like
is this meditation has had a reverse effect on you meditation it's meditations fault it's the
first day i'm meditated and my brain is like mashed potatoes oh my word it's like it's like you
have a fixed number of thoughts you can have and then use you just use them all in the morning
remember when i said that uh one uh one year is when the earth one spin earth
what if i can't oh man i know there's one spin of the earth i'm gonna one spin that's what i said
i'm gonna uh i'm gonna submit this episode to kc as evidence that maybe meditation not for me
just possibly were you breathing during it like maybe you were focused so hard on meditation
that you just you know i said five minutes not breathing back you're talking to me but dad this
is AI i had to get AI to replace me a real boy uh this was episode 99 by the way really nice
yeah wow this next episode it was like a chill 100 no big deal not like i've been anticipating it for
year plus are we gonna do something special uh yeah i think so i'm not exactly sure so i'm gonna
not say anymore but i think so i don't want to make promises something really really really special
i promise it's gonna be a very special episode you don't want to miss it uh also if you're listening
this long uh i know some people do uh hey why don't you why don't you do stuff what do you what
subscribe what do we even ask for on a podcast subscribe it's not even a thing is it like if you
listen to this on spotify i don't know what's something i could ask you to do i'd like to ask
you to do something because i don't know we have that power you to go run out in the streets and
scream about tomorrow yes say my favorite podcast ever uh what what would they say dax you you tell
me because i'm my brain run up to someone and demand that they listen to tomorrow fm right now make
them pull out their phone and listen to an episode and show repeatedly punch them until they do well
maybe not the punching but yeah all the other stuff for sure oh but the rest of it's fine yeah the
rest of it was great oh uh leave a review that's the thing i can ask for please leave reviews on your
favorite actually no cancel that you can't even leave reviews i was checking out spotify like i'm
a podcast listener you can't really do anything to interact with a podcast this is a one way street
folks i'm sorry send us money send us money that'd be great mail apple podcast i think you can actually
leave reviews on apple podcast but does anyone use that i don't even know okay i'm done let's be
done okay all right yeah uh next time i see you it'll be episode 100 it's pretty exciting right if i
show up i'll show up i'm getting on a plane next week oh if you show up is that a threat okay
uh see definitely you're hanging it episode 100 you're waiting so long for it that would be so
sad this is such a good prank oh don't do it i'll just never talk to you again this
this is like uh the dax has an opportunity to do something really funny right now this is that
yeah exactly oh man i'll see you next time dax if i don't die on a plane okay see ya yeah
you